feat(docs): Add documentation & example that AsyncApi 3 is supported (#22536)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/cool-walls-applaud.md

---

> '@backstage/catalog-model': minor
> '@backstage/plugin-api-docs': minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/catalog-model': patch
'@backstage/plugin-api-docs': patch
```

These should just be patch as they are just updates to documentation, you might not even need the one for `@backstage/catalog-model` but I'll let the Maintainers make the call on that 👍

> ---
> '@backstage/catalog-model': patch
> '@backstage/plugin-api-docs': patch
> ---
> 
> Add documentation & example that AsyncApi 3 is supported

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
---
'@backstage/plugin-api-docs': patch
---

Updated README to list AsyncApi v3 as supported
```
